Add structuredClone mention on spread syntax page (#22374)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/spread_syntax/index.md

//  arr remains unaffected
```

> > **Note:** Spread syntax effectively goes one level deep while copying an array. Therefore, it may be unsuitable for copying multidimensional arrays. The same is true with {{jsxref("Object.assign()")}} — no native operation in JavaScript does a deep clone, however the WebAPI method {{domxref("structuredClone()")}} could be used in certain cases to deep copy values of [supported types](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm#supported_types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Spread syntax effectively goes one level deep while copying an array. Therefore, it may be unsuitable for copying multidimensional arrays. The same is true with {{jsxref("Object.assign()")}} — no native operation in JavaScript does a deep clone. The web API method {{domxref("structuredClone()")}} allows deep copying values of certain [supported types](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm#supported_types).
```
